Clarify documentation related to article file names, and documentation extension file names. (#874)
apple/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/adding-structure-to-your-documentation-pages.md

![A screenshot showing the rendered documentation containing three topic groups: Creating a Sloth, Activities, and Schedule.](4_topics_2)

To add an extension file for a specific symbol, use a text editor to create an
`.md` file within the documentation catalog. If you're working in Xcode, you can
select the documentation catalog in the project navigator and run the File ->
New -> File From Template... menu command. Then click "Extension File" under the
Documentation section. DocC ignores file names of documentation extensions; you

> can choose any file name you would like as long as it uses an `.md` extension.

Reviewer: There are 3 pieces of information in this paragraph:
- General instruction to create a new markdown file
- Xcode specific detailed steps to create a new markdown file with the extension file template 
- General information about how developers can name the markdown file.

With the Xcode specific information in the middle and being the longest part of the paragraph, some developers might skip to the next paragraph and miss the general information about naming the markdown file. 

I think the solution to that is to split out either the Xcode specific informatin or the file naming information into an aside.

Author: Great idea - added a new aside.

> In the new markdown file, replace the `Symbol` placeholder 

Reviewer: This issue was presented in the original content but this phrasing assumes that the developer used the template in Xcode. If they used another text editor to create their markdown file they wouldn't have a placeholder to replace.
```suggestion
In the new markdown file, add a level 1 heading with a symbol link to the symbol that the extension file is adding documentation content to.
```

> with the symbol path of the symbol you're organizing and rename the file accordingly.

Reviewer: Since this paragraph talks about naming the file, maybe the information about how the file name is used (or rather isn't used for anything) could be moved here?
